well my friend is landing with a
national guitar calm and here today to
talk to you about a beautiful
consignment we just got in which is a
1969 Gibson Trini Lopez model
essentially a 335 but this was actually
the Trini Lopez model and this is about
as nice an example as you're going to
find now this has a maple top sides and
back body is in just stellar shape as
you can see it has the original case
original pickguard two humbuckers
tune-o-matic bridge and as you can see
the back is also in beautiful condition
it has a mahogany neck on it
the original tuners never been off you
can see the headstock is also a
near-mint condition and this guitar
comes with its original case we've got
these different style of f holes which
have binding inside them as you can see
it's a 24 3/4 inch scale length 22 frets
and this is about a nice as an example
of this guitars you're going to find
it's in near-mint condition
there's just the slightest bit of
checking if you look at the right angle
but otherwise it's in near-mint
condition just a beautiful example low
action easily played up the neck has an
adjustable truss rod and i'm going to
have my good friend ray Pannell come in
and play this for you so ray Pennell
give us some Trini Lopez I remember when
I was a little kid my parents had a
Trini Lopez album which had if I had a
hammer I'd hammer in the morning and
also something about a lemon tree that's
all I remember
anyways great Pannell come play this
beautiful Trini Lopez Gibson 1969 here
at national guitar
okay